Context propagation documentation (#9554)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-core: src/main/docs/guide/contextPropagation.adoc

The context propagation is represented by api:core.propagation.PropagatedContext[] object, it's designed to be immutable and it consists of multiple elements of api:core.propagation.PropagatedContextElement[].

Each element represent a particular state that needs to be propagated. There is a special element that can be used to update and restore the thread-local value api:core.propagation.ThreadPropagatedContextElement[]:

snippet::io.micronaut.docs.propagation.MdcPropagationContext[tags="class", indent=0, title="Example of MDC propagated element implementing `ThreadPropagatedContextElement`"]

In this example the propagated context element implements the setting of the MDC context and restoring it after.

NOTE: The `ThreadPropagatedContextElement` is inspired by `kotlinx.coroutines.ThreadContextElement`

snippet::io.micronaut.docs.propagation.MdcService[tags="createUser", indent=0, title="MDC propagation example"]

> NOTE: In the previous versions of Micronaut Framework we would capture the context to propagate, this is not the case since Micronaut 4. We always require for the context to be modified manually and repropagated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: In the previous versions of Micronaut Framework we would capture the context to propagate, this is not the case since Micronaut Framework 4. We always require for the context to be modified manually and repropagated.
```

> The context propagation is represented by api:core.propagation.PropagatedContext[] object, it's designed to be immutable and it consists of multiple elements of api:core.propagation.PropagatedContextElement[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The api:core.propagation.PropagatedContext[] object represents the context propagation. We designed the context propagation API for immutability. It consists of multiple elements of type api:core.propagation.PropagatedContextElement[].
```

> Each element represent a particular state that needs to be propagated. There is a special element that can be used to update and restore the thread-local value api:core.propagation.ThreadPropagatedContextElement[]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each element represents a particular state that needs to be propagated. There is a special element that can be used to update and restore the thread-local value api:core.propagation.ThreadPropagatedContextElement[]:
```

> snippet::io.micronaut.docs.propagation.MdcPropagationContext[tags="class", indent=0, title="Example of MDC propagated element implementing `ThreadPropagatedContextElement`"]

Reviewer: snippet are not displayed

Reviewer: there are not groovy or kotlin examples. To use `snippet` macro we need to add those examples. Otherwise, use the `include` macro

> snippet::io.micronaut.docs.propagation.MdcPropagationContext[tags="class", indent=0, title="Example of MDC propagated element implementing `ThreadPropagatedContextElement`"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example of MDC propagated element implementing `ThreadPropagatedContextElement`
[source,java]
----
include::{testsuitejava}/propagation/MdcPropagationContext.java[tags="class"]
----
```

<1> The class has the MDC state passed in the contractor
<2> The context update sets the MDC state as the current one
<3> The previous state is captured to be restored
<3> The previous state is restored

> In this example the propagated context element implements the setting of the MDC context and restoring it after.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the propagated context element implements the setting of the MDC context and it restores it after.
```

NOTE: The api:core.propagation.ThreadPropagatedContextElement[] is inspired by Kotlin Coroutines propagation API element `kotlinx.coroutines.ThreadContextElement`

snippet::io.micronaut.docs.propagation.MdcService[tags="createUser", indent=0, title="MDC propagation example"]

> NOTE: In the previous versions of Micronaut Framework we would capture the context to propagate, this is not the case since Micronaut Framework 4. We always require for the context to be modified manually and repropagated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: In the previous versions of Micronaut Framework, we would capture the context to propagate, this is not the case since Micronaut Framework 4. We always require for the context to be modified manually and repropagated.
```
